_pages/2017/application.md, before:

---
layout: new_page
title: Application
permalink: '/2018/app/'
header-img: "images/closeup.jpg"
---

## Application Deadline

January 20th, 2018

## Prerequisites

* Live or work within the region (as defined on the <a href="/about"> about
  page</a>).
* Be 21 years of age or older.
* Be sponsored by a San Francisco leather, kink, fetish or gear business, club
  or organization <br> or be an independent, reputable leather person from the
  community with references.
* Be willing to fulfill the requirements set forth if you win the title.
* Attend all dates required for the contest.
* Read the <a href="/2018/contest">contest requirements</a>.

## Required Dates Leading Up to Contest

* January 27th (Contestant Meeting & Photoshoot)
* February 17. 12-2pm (Rehearsal)
* March 3th (Formal Dinner)
* March 4th (Main Contest)
* March 5th (Beer Bust)

## Winner Package

* Patch
* Stole (to be returned at the end of the title year)
* Medallion
* Modest Travel Fund

## Requirements

* Bootblack at both the Folsom Street Fair & Dore Alley Street Fair.
* Bootblack at one event in the region per month.
* Attend the Titleholder Introduction at Folsom Street Fair.
* May not run or hold another title until the titleholder has completed their
  title year.
* Outreach to potential contestants for San Francisco Bootblack 2019.
* Strongly encouraged but not required to attend a regional or international
  bootblack competition.
* Attend Stepdown

## Application

It is recommended that you copy the questions into a word document, and fill
them out. When you are ready to apply, <br> you can copy and paste your answers
into the form to submit your application.

Please download the <a href="/doc/SFBB_2018_Agreements.pdf">agreements PDF</a>
and sign and date all pages, before re-uploading as part of the contestant
application.

If you have any questions, please <a href="/contact"> contact us</a>.

## Ready to Apply?

<a class="vspace2 btn btn-lg btn-primary" href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeHvF8hAbT61Wm9L7piRXWnbrXWuSrDWabeV-1-PnXj9x1ePQ/viewform" > Application Form </a>
<!-- <iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeHvF8hAbT61Wm9L7piRXWnbrXWuSrDWabeV-1-PnXj9x1ePQ/viewform?embedded=true" width="760" height="500" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe> -->

Commit message:

add application fee to app page

_pages/2017/application.md, after:

---
layout: new_page
title: Application
permalink: '/2018/app/'
header-img: "images/closeup.jpg"
---

## Application Deadline

January 20th, 2018

## Prerequisites

* Live or work within the region (as defined on the <a href="/about"> about
  page</a>).
* Be 21 years of age or older.
* Be sponsored by a San Francisco leather, kink, fetish or gear business, club
  or organization <br> or be an independent, reputable leather person from the
  community with references.
* Be willing to fulfill the requirements set forth if you win the title.
* Attend all dates required for the contest.
* Read the <a href="/2018/contest">contest requirements</a>.

## Required Dates Leading Up to Contest

* January 27th (Contestant Meeting & Photoshoot)
* February 17. 12-2pm (Rehearsal)
* March 3th (Formal Dinner)
* March 4th (Main Contest)
* March 5th (Beer Bust)

## Winner Package

* Patch
* Stole (to be returned at the end of the title year)
* Medallion
* Modest Travel Fund

## Requirements

* Bootblack at both the Folsom Street Fair & Dore Alley Street Fair.
* Bootblack at one event in the region per month.
* Attend the Titleholder Introduction at Folsom Street Fair.
* May not run or hold another title until the titleholder has completed their
  title year.
* Outreach to potential contestants for San Francisco Bootblack 2019.
* Strongly encouraged but not required to attend a regional or international
  bootblack competition.
* Attend Stepdown

## Application

It is recommended that you copy the questions into a word document, and fill
them out. When you are ready to apply, <br> you can copy and paste your answers
into the form to submit your application.

Please download the <a href="/doc/SFBB_2018_Agreements.pdf">agreements PDF</a>
and sign and date all pages, before re-uploading as part of the contestant
application.

If you have any questions, please <a href="/contact"> contact us</a>.

## Application Fee

There is a 50$ fee for your application to be accepted. Application Fee is payable via <a href="http://
leatheralliance.org/paypal/"> this link</a>. In the Section marked "Special Instructions to this seller", please make the note: "SFBB Application Fee." Please submit your fee within 24 hours of submitting your application, or you risk your application being rejected.

## Ready to Apply?

<a class="vspace2 btn btn-lg btn-primary" href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeHvF8hAbT61Wm9L7piRXWnbrXWuSrDWabeV-1-PnXj9x1ePQ/viewform" > Application Form </a>
<!-- <iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeHvF8hAbT61Wm9L7piRXWnbrXWuSrDWabeV-1-PnXj9x1ePQ/viewform?embedded=true" width="760" height="500" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe> -->
