_pages/2017/contest.md, before:

---
layout: new_page
title: 2018 Contest
permalink: '/2018/contest/'
header-img: "images/closeup.jpg"
---

# Contest Components

### Speech and Formal Wear (100 Points)

Contestants will give a speech no longer than two minutes on a topic of their
choice. The speech does not have to be about bootblacking. The Contestants will
also be judged on their formal leather look during this time.

### Personal Interview (100 Points)

Contestants will have a 20 minute personal interview where they will answer
questions posed to them by the Judging panel. The questions may be about any
aspect of bootblacking, leather history, BDSM, or personal questions about the
contestant. Contestants are not required to have a 'platform,' but questions
from the judges may include plans for the contestant's title year if they were
to win. The interview is open to the public.

### Technical Boot & Technical Presentation (100 Points)

Contestants will bring a pair of boots in used, but not dire condition. They
should be full leather, lace up, military style, paratrooper jump / combat
boots. The tech boot should not need major restoration, cobbling, or
restoration. Boots will be assigned a random number, and contestants will draw
which boot they will be working on. Contestants will have 45 minutes to complete
their technical shine. You may not use open flame except to singe stray strings.

Contestants will give a brief presentation on their technical boot. They will
discuss the process, products used, challenges faced and any other information
they deem important. Contestants will have no more than 7 minutes for the
presentation. This will be followed by a short technical Q&A from the judges.
The presentation will take place directly before the personal Interview.

### Pop Question (75 Points)

Contestants will answer a pop question on stage during the main contest. These
questions may be serious or may be humorous. The question may or may not be
related to bootblacking. Contestants will not be informed of the question before
it is read on stage.

### Stand Time (75 Points)

Contestants will have their stand time judged. Judges will evaluate technical
skills, product choices, and other technical choices the contestants make
throughout the weekend. Contestants will have stands set up and be blacking at
the formal dinner to serve the public, and their judges.

### Demeanor and Interpersonal Skills (50 Points)

During the contestant's stand time on Friday night, Judges will observe how they
work a stand and how they interact with their clients.

They also have a score points in this area during the day of the contest and as
they interact with attendees during the weekend. They are judged on how they
conduct themselves throughout the weekend.

#### Total Points Possible

500 Points

#### Scoring System

* There are three judges for the SF Bootblack Contest.
* The contest is scored using straight scoring. All judges scores are counted.
* The personal interview will also be scored by the Mr San Francisco Leather
  judges. Their score will be combined to add a 4th judges score for the
  personal Interview.
* Contestants must reach 70% to be awarded the title.
* In the rare event of a tie, the winner will be determined using only the
  scores from the following components: Speech, Personal Interview, and
  Technical Boot and Presentation.
* Scoring and Judges feedback will be made available to contestants within 60
  days of the end of the contest.

Commit message:

Update Site with additional Information

_pages/2017/contest.md, after:

---
layout: new_page
title: 2018 Contest
permalink: '/2018/contest/'
header-img: "images/closeup.jpg"
---

# Contest Components

For the full weekend schedule please visit the <a href="/2018/schedule> schedule
page</a>.

### Speech and Formal Wear (100 Points)

Contestants will give a speech no longer than two minutes on a topic of their
choice. The speech does not have to be about bootblacking. The Contestants will
also be judged on their formal leather look during this time.

### Personal Interview (100 Points)

Contestants will have a 20 minute personal interview where they will answer
questions posed to them by the Judging panel. The questions may be about any
aspect of bootblacking, leather history, BDSM, or personal questions about the
contestant. Contestants are not required to have a 'platform,' but questions
from the judges may include plans for the contestant's title year if they were
to win. The interview is open to the public. Additionally the personal interview
will be scored by the Mr SF Leather judges as well. The scores of the Mr Judges
will be averaged for an additional 100 point score

### Technical Boot & Technical Presentation (100 Points)

Contestants will bring a pair of boots in used, but not dire condition. They
should be full leather, lace up, military style, paratrooper jump / combat
boots. The tech boot should not need major restoration, cobbling, or
restoration. Boots will be assigned a random number, and contestants will draw
which boot they will be working on. Contestants will have 45 minutes to complete
their technical shine. You may not use open flame except to singe stray strings.
The technical shine will take place during the cocktail hour on Friday Night at
6pm.

Contestants will give a brief presentation on their technical boot. They will
discuss the process, products used, challenges faced and any other information
they deem important. Contestants will have no more than 7 minutes for the
presentation. This will be followed by a short technical Q&A from the judges.
The presentation will take place directly before the personal Interview.

### Pop Question (75 Points)

Contestants will answer a pop question on stage during the main contest. These
questions may be serious or may be humorous. The question may or may not be
related to bootblacking. Contestants will not be informed of the question before
it is read on stage.

### Stand Time (75 Points)

Contestants will have their stand time judged. Judges will evaluate technical
skills, product choices, and other technical choices the contestants make
throughout the weekend. Contestants will have stands set up and be blacking at
the formal dinner to serve the public, and their judges.

### Demeanor and Interpersonal Skills (50 Points)

During the contestant's stand time on Friday night, Judges will observe how they
work a stand and how they interact with their clients.

They also have a score points in this area during the day of the contest and as
they interact with attendees during the weekend. They are judged on how they
conduct themselves throughout the weekend.

### Total Points Possible

500 Points per bootblack judge. 100 points for the Personal Interview scored by
the Mr SF Leather Judges. Total points possible 1600. Must score 1120 points to
win the title.

### Scoring System

* There are three judges for the SF Bootblack Contest.
* The contest is scored using straight scoring. All judges scores are counted.
* The personal interview will also be scored by the Mr San Francisco Leather
  judges. Their score will be combined to add a 4th judges score for the
  personal Interview.
* Contestants must reach 70% to be awarded the title.
* In the rare event of a tie, the winner will be determined using only the
  scores from the following components: Speech, Personal Interview, and
  Technical Boot and Presentation.
* Scoring and Judges feedback will be made available to contestants within 60
  days of the end of the contest.
