---
layout: new_page
title: 2018 Contest
permalink: '/2018/contest/'
header-img: "images/closeup.jpg"
---

Components Demeanor (50 points) Contestants will have stands set up and be
blacking at the meet and greet. Judges should observe how they work a stand and
how they interact with their clients. They also have a score points in this area
during the day of the contest and as they interact with attendees during the
weekend. They are judged on how they conduct themselves throughout the weekend.
Skills and Stand Time (100 points) Contestants will be judged on their technical
skills while working a stand.

Tech Boot and Presentation (100 points) Contestants will complete a timed
technical shine of 45 minutes. Contestants will describe their technical process
in a 5-7 minute presentation before the judges followed by a short q/a. They
will be judged on completeness of presentation and technical knowledge.
Interview (100 points) Contestants will be judged on a personal interview. The
Interviews will be open. Speech & Formal Wear (100 points) Contestants will give
a speech no longer than two minutes. Pop Question (50 points) Contestants will
answer a pop question on stage.

Total: 500 points possible per judge.

# Contest Components

<div class="vspace3"> </div>

### Speech and Formal Wear (100 Points)

Contestants will give a speech no longer than two minutes on a topic of their
choice. The speech does not have to be about bootblacking. The Contestants will
also be judged on their formal leather look during this time.

### Personal Interview (100 Points)

Contestants will have a 20 minute personal interview where they will answer
questions posed to them by the Judging panel. The questions may be about any
aspect of bootblacking, leather history, BDSM, or personal questions about the
contestant. Contestants are not required to have a 'platform,' but questions
from the judges may include plans for the contestants title year if they were to
win. The interview is open to the public.

### Technical Boot & Presentation (100 Points)

Contestants will bring a pair of boots in used, but not dire condition. They
should be full leather, lace up, military style, paratrooper jump / combat
boots. The tech boot should not need major restoration, cobbling, or
restoration. Boots will be assigned a random number, and contestants will draw
which boot they will be working on. Contestants will have 45 minutes to complete
their technical shine. You may not use open flame except to single stray
strings.

Contestants will give a brief presentation on their technical boot. They will
discuss the process, products used, challenges faced and any other information
they deem important. Contestants will have no more than 7 minutes for the
presentation. This will be followed by a short Q&A from the judges. The
presentation will take place directly before the personal Interview.

### Pop Question (75 Points)

Contestants will answer a question on stage during the main contest.

### Stand Time (75 Points)

Contestants will have their stand time judged. Judges will evaluate technical
skills, product choices, and other technical choices the contestants make
throughout the weekend.

### Demeanor and Interpersonal Skills (50 Points)

Contestants will have stands set up and be blacking at the meet and greet.
Judges should observe how they work a stand and how they interact with their
clients.

They also have a score points in this area during the day of the contest and as
they interact with attendees during the weekend. They are judged on how they
conduct themselves throughout the weekend.

#### Total Points Possible

500 Points

Contestant must reach 70% to win title.
